[automate-1886] farewell chef-automate admin-token (#3188)
chef/automate: components/automate-chef-io/content/docs/configuration.md

Then run `chef-automate config patch </path/to/your-file.toml>` to deploy your change.

To upgrade a Chef Automate installation with the `upgrade_strategy` set to `none`, run:

```bash
chef-automate upgrade
```

This command will upgrade Chef Automate to the latest version from your install channel.

#### Deployment Type

Do not change `deployment_type`. 
The only supported `deployment_type` is `local`.

#### Settings

You cannot change the admin username, name, and password set during initial deployment.

To change the admin password after deployment, use the Automate UI.

> Log in as the admin user, navigate to the _User_ page under the **Settings** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sign in as the admin user, navigate to the _Users_ page under the **Settings** tab.
```

Reviewer 2: @IanMadd Let's add this to our linter list.

> Selecting "Local Administrator" opens a form for updating the password.

Reviewer: this is outdated, after going to the user detail page they now have to go to the reset password tab to reset the password

> Enter and confirm your new password in the interface, and then select the **Update Password** button to save your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter and confirm your new password in the interface, and then select the **Reset Password** button to save your changes.
```

> To change the admin password from the command-line, first [fetch the admin user record]({{< relref "users.md#fetching-users" >}}), copy the User ID, and then use:

Reviewer: this should prolly link to the api docs instead

Then run `chef-automate config patch </path/to/your-file.toml>` to deploy your change.

> To upgrade a Chef Automate installation with the `upgrade_strategy` set to `none`, run:

Reviewer 3: This is the only of these cleanups that I'm unsure about.  The intent here is to say something like:

> If your Chef Automate installation's `upgrade_strategy` is set to `none`, you can still upgrade to the latest version by running:

I think "with" sounds strange to me here because the underlying command works the same regardless of upgrade_strategy and thus it also works "without" the upgrade strategy set to none.

Reviewer 4: @stevendanna I re-wrote the sentence to get rid of the passive verb tense. Anything with "is + verb" - for example: "is set" - falls under passive verb tense. Would this be corrected by the following correction? I realized "the" could probably be removed for better flow:

> To upgrade a Chef Automate installation with `upgrade_strategy` set to `none`, run:

Reviewer 3: I had assumed that is why you made the change.  My issue is not with the flow of the sentence (although I like the removal of "the"), but rather that we are being too subtle here about _why_ the user should care about the following command. Further, to some it might _imply_ that the following command might not work with an `upgrade_strategy` of `at-once` even though it does.  That said, I think it is best that we merge this change and I can open a PR to address my concerns if they continue to bother me.

The good news is that as part of this, I re-read this section and found that we overlooked the much more serious problem.  The command below is incorrect.  It should be

```bash
chef-automate upgrade run
```

Reviewer 4: I am following your 🚋 of thought now. I'll have to think a bit further on this. 

In the meantime, let me incorporate the correct command. I am so glad you caught that!
